Box<dyn Error> is a type alias for a boxed trait object that implements the std::error::Error trait.
The Error trait is a standard trait in Rust that defines a common interface for error types in the Rust ecosystem.
It provides a unified way of working with errors in Rust, regardless of the underlying error type.

A boxed trait object, Box<dyn Error>, is an instance of any type that implements the Error trait, stored in a Box smart pointer.
The Box smart pointer is used to allocate the error value on the heap rather than on the stack.
 This allows error values to be returned across stack frames, or to be stored in data structures.
 The dyn keyword indicates that the trait object is dynamically sized.

The type alias Box<dyn Error> is often used as the return type for functions that might produce an error,
indicating that any error value should implement the Error trait and be stored in a Box.
This provides a convenient way of returning a wide variety of error types from a single function,
while still allowing the caller to inspect and handle the errors in a unified way.


Concurrency refers to the ability of a program to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
 A concurrent program is one that is able to run multiple tasks at the same time,
 either by interleaving their execution on a single processor, or by executing them simultaneously on multiple processors.

Here's a practical use case for concurrency:

Imagine you have a web scraper that downloads images from multiple websites.
 The scraper needs to download the images from each website one at a time.
  If you use a single-threaded approach, the scraper would have to wait for the download of one image to complete before starting the next.
 This would result in a slow and inefficient process.

Instead, you could use a concurrent approach and download images from multiple websites simultaneously.
This would allow you to take advantage of multiple processors or cores and download multiple images at the same time.
The result would be a much faster and more efficient web scraper.

In this example, concurrency is used to make the web scraper more efficient by allowing it to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
This can result in significant performance improvements and is a common use case for concurrency.